# 4.2 Evaluation of Usability Features

## Efficient

| Feature No. | Description              | Success/Fail |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | ------------ |
| 1           | Simple Controls          | Success      |
| 2           | Simple Layout and Design | Success      |

### Feature 1 and 2

Common features of clicker games are very simple controls and layouts and designs. I have achieved these as my game is a web page with a simple design. The game involves clicking buttons to progress. The player can be moved around the map using the WASD buttons which are common movement controls for all games, making the game easy to learn to play.

## Effective

| Feature No. | Description                 | Success/Fail |
| ----------- | --------------------------- | ------------ |
| 1           | Easy to understand gameplay | Success      |

### Feature 1

The aim and the gameplay of my game is very easy to understand and pick up quickly by anyone. This is due to the simple design of my game and easy controls. Clickers all share the goal to get as high a score as possible. Therefore I believe I have successfully implemented this feature.

## Engaging

| Feature No. | Description        | Success/Fail |
| ----------- | ------------------ | ------------ |
| 1           | Moveable character | Success      |
| 2           | Achievement list   | Success      |

### Feature 1

This feature makes the game more interactive than a regular clicker game as it is a character which can be moved with the wasd keys. This adds more interaction within the game as the player can move around their gym rather than simply clicking buttons

### Feature 2

This feature makes the game more engaging for the player as it gives the player more motivation to continue progressing and is a good portrayal of their progression.

## Error Tolerant

| Feature No. | Description             | Success/Fail |
| ----------- | ----------------------- | ------------ |
| 1           | No crashes              | Success      |
| 2           | No errors while playing | Success      |

### Feature 1

This feature is a success as during robustness testing I tested for errors in my game by passing inputs very quickly etc. Furthermore, on my survey no crashes were reported.

### Feature 2

This feature was a success because on the survey there were no reported errors while playing. This means that the game has no major bugs or gameplay errors.&#x20;

## Easy To Learn

| Feature No. | Description            | Success/Fail |
| ----------- | ---------------------- | ------------ |
| 1           | Easy gameplay to learn | Success      |

### Feature 1

Results of my survey concluded that the gameplay was particularly easy and therefore not too difficult to learn for everyone that played the game. The simple controls and button layout of my game also make it easy to learn as there is no complex controls that they player would not already know.
