# 4.3 Maintenance and Future Development

## Current Limitations of Project

* Accessibility: As the game is a web page based game, this means that it can only be played by users who have access to a computer and keyboard and mouse. Currently, controls of my game are limited to mouse clicks and WASD keys making the game not accessible to other platforms.
* Complexity of gameplay: My survey concluded that the game was too easy for the majority of player and that the game would have benefited from having more complex and challenging features. The aim of the game is also particularly simple in that you are just upgrading the gym and trying to get as high of a score as possible and I think the game could benefit from having a more definitive goal and end point.
* Engagement of the player: My survey also concluded that the game was not particularly engaging. This means the game could have been more interesting by adding more visually appealing graphics and by making the game more fast paced and adding more clear goals for the player.
* Graphics: Another limitation of the game is the Graphics and how the design of the game is very simple. This can make the game less visually appealing and thus less engaging for the player.

## Maintenance

Future development of my project will require two maintenance strategies: Short term maintenance (bug fixes) and long term maintenance (further development of features) as they would address and focus on different aspects of further development.

## Future Development

### Short Term Bug Fixes

While my game does not have any apparent bugs or general game play errors. I think my game would benefit from being more balanced and therefore I would edit the numbers and rate of progression so that the game is more enjoyable for longer periods of time. This would   affect the amount of xp in each level, shop prices, cursor cost etc.

### Long Term Addressing Limitations

* Accessibility: I would broaden the range of devices that my game could be played on by adding accessibility for different platforms and update the controls of my game so that it could be played via touchscreen and games controller as well as keyboard and mouse.
* Complexity of gameplay: I would further develop my game and add more features such as cooldowns, challenges, random/limited time events, managers etc. This would make the gameplay more complex and more difficult, therefore more engaging also.
* Engagement of the player: To make my game more engaging, I would not only add more features and make the game more balanced but I would also improve the visuals of the game as the design is too simple and even boring.
* Graphics: To improve the graphics of my project I would spend time creating sprites and images that I could use in my game. For example I would create the images and sprites for the characters and I would add NPCs and add different sprites for each of their characters. I also would imrove the general design of my user interface and use more colours.
