# 1.1 Problem Identification

The videogame industry has become on of the world's fastest growing economic successes and shows no sign of slowing down. The ESA research in 2014 concluded that 59% of Americans play videogames, there is an average of 2 gamers in each videogame playing household in the US - "it is now more probable than not that any stranger you might meet - on any given day - plays video games" (Baker, 2014).

Some studies suggest that video game practice enhances perception and cognition which leads to frequent video game players outperforming non video game players on these measures. Evidence suggests that video game training improves cognitive function on on tasks other than those specific to the game. One theory is that if participants are chosen to perform a task because of their experience, they will outperform someone who is chosen not based on their experience: "belief that you should perform well can influence performance on measures as basic as visual acuity" (Boot et al., 2011).

Casual video games have been found to improve mood and decrease stress. In a study with 134 participants, researchers found that those who played a 20-minute session of a casual video game had a significant decrease in stress levels and an increase in positive mood compared to those who did not play a game (Russoniello et al., 2009). Additionally, in a separate study, it was found that playing casual video games for 30 minutes 3 times a week for a month led to a significant decrease in depressive symptoms and an increase in overall mood. These findings show that playing casual video games is an effective way to improve mood and reduce stress, offering a solution for those looking to manage their mental health (Poppelaars et al., 2021).

IDLE games, also known as incremental games, are a genre of video games which involve minimum player interaction. This type of video game can allow the player to progress through the game without having to have their attention on the game for long periods of time, the game continues in the background. (Khaliq, Purkiss, 2015). These games can be attractive to users as they can progress through a game without needing to spend long periods of interaction with the game. This makes incremental games a suitable choice to explore that players will enjoy using.
